personal I'm sure you've seen the
footage of the protests that have been
going on overseas what are your thoughts
about carrying the torch today well I'm
excited about it you know it's a shame
that that's going on but that's what
makes America Beautiful is giving people
freedom of speech but at the same time
you know the limpet represent more than
that and it's a shame politics gets
involved but you know I know been a
former Olympian being an athlete that
athlete strange so so hard to get in
this position they've been training for
years and for something to be tarnished
it's a shame but you know I'm excited
about running the Olympic torch the
other seven to eight seventy nine other
torch bearers I think they're excited
about it the only let's secure to do
that job you know people have the right
to protest but I'm going to keep this
journey going to keep the flame burning
you brought up this idea of sport versus
politics and the question has already
been raised whether or not to boycott
the opening games or even possibly
boycott the Olympic Games as a former
Olympian or as an Olympian because you
always are one what would you say to
people who say that the US should
boycott in some way well you know what i
would say because I've heard politicians
say that but let me give you another
idea while we accept and all the
products from China when people are
talking about the politicians are
talking about jobs why don't we open up
these plants that they've closed down
continuing to make our own products
brain money back into this economy
because I heard our deficit is so high
so why don't we do things like that but
we don't want to talk about that we want
to talk about doing something like
punishing athletes that have worked for
him for years you know there was no
politician over during the world cup
watching athletes make it and make it
watching athlete participate in it so
now why do they want to come in now and
say let's boycott you know these guys
are working out I'm gonna be honest one
of the biggest moments of my life was
the opening ceremonies that almost
borrowed a tear to my eye and you do
that is very hard but I almost brought a
tear to my eye because I tell you what
you see the united states come together
as a country when i saw all the other
athletes when other sports come together
and I think for an Olympian not to get
that opportunity I think we'll be
ashamed is you talk about protests
possibly in another
they are expecting the protest to
continue today you talked about carrying
the torch if somebody were to approach
you because some tried to douse the
torch what do you think you would do
today well you know I don't know you
know like I say I got very good security
with me so I let them handle it but you
know I'm not you know I've been training
my mixed martial arts you know right now
I'm trying to put together show be so I
don't think anybody want to be trying to
Dorset are trying to put it out with me
because I need practice so if anyone
want to come out there and do it in a
security can't Hannah I need practice so
I take the best shot don't take on
Herschel Walker i think is the message
that you're putting out there today